{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red86\green85\blue85;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red31\green177\blue138;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c41176\c40784\c40784;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c10196\c73725\c61176;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I'm a Master student in Mobility Systems Group, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.suzlab.nuem.nagoya-u.ac.jp/en/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Suzuki Laboratory}} at Nagoya University, Japan, working with Professor {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.suzlab.nuem.nagoya-u.ac.jp/suzuki/index_e.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 Tatsuya Suzuki}}. My current research is in the area of systems identification and modeling, plus dynamics control with applications focusing for connected and automated vehicles. I\'92m also working with Dr. Hatem at ZaTitech, an autonomous technology start-up based in Nagoya city. \cf2 \cb3 Just so you know, Nagoya is the biggest city in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aichi_Prefecture"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 Aichi Prefecture}}, a.k.a the central hub of products exporting and automotive technology of Japan. It's been known for being the hometown of Toyota, Denso, and a lot more automotive companies. \
\
Personally, I am keen on lots of topics, including fundamental science (just physics and math), technology, sports (basketball - hand, soccer - foot, swim - whole body, running - cardio), society, well and a little bit of philosophy (both Western and Eastern). And as you can guess, I am also a Car enthusiast! I will be excited if you also find some common interests.\

\f1 \cf2 \cb1 \

\f0 \cb3 More of my info can be found at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/an-nguyen-andrew-duc/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 my Linkedin}}. \
I would be very happy if we can get in touch and share ideas.\

\f1 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf6 \cb3 Cheers!
\f1\fs28 \cf6 \cb1 \
}